Once upon a time there was a man who lived in Venezuela. This man loved to read books and listen to music in his apartment. The man had not been able to find a job for years after getting fired at his previous employment insitution, a life insurance firm. All he wished for was to be able to retire on the beach and watch the surfers as he lounged with a book and ice cold Mr. Pibb soda. He had once had a wife but had mutually decided to separate as the love had been lost for years. However that was over 15 years ago and loneliness had crept up on him over many years of serene isolation. This quiet life was brought to an abrupt halt when, one day, his apartment was raided by local police with no reason at all. 

Stephen's paragraph:
The police slammed the door open with their guns loaded and pointed. The man froze immediately, put his hands up and obeyed the commands from the police. Lazer sights bounced around the walls of the apartment as the police searched and cleared the rooms. No immediate threats were found. Without hesistation, the police handcuffed the man and took him into custody. Confused but helpless, the man was left to follow the orders of the police. They took him down the stairs of his apartment and outside as a metal van waited to inprison him. The police quickly pushed the main into the van, as if fearing an attack. The man was locked up inside the truck and doors closed, leaving the man to sit silently in the complete darkness. The van accelerated quickly and the police shouted in another language the man did not understand. Gunshots ricocheted off the outside as the van made sharp mobile turns. The man realized, the driver was not following the orders of the police. The van had been hijacked.

Maja's Paragraph: 
The driver was driving the van irratically and the man was bouncing around, hitting walls, in the back. All of a sudden there was a loud crash and the van started rolling over. After a few moments of silence someone opened the door to the back of the van. It was an FBI agent, who took the man and explained that his
ex-wife was associating with dangerous people and used his name and identity as a cover.
